a mother bids Farwell to her baby
girl she's a victim of an Israeli strike
on the home in s RA in Gaza the attack
also killed 11 members of her family who
had gathered for
dinner our home was bombed at Night by
Israeli F-16 war planes since the house
was small I was not staying with them
only women and children were kept in the
house 14 of them they were all
killed
this is a baby girl what wrong did she
do to the Israelis she died hungry you
can see her holding a load of bread in
her tiny hand she held tight to it and
we could not remove it from her hand is
this baby girl a
fighter funeral prayers Echo with a
grief as fam struggle to cop with
loss overnight Al AA Hospital in Dar bah
plunged into dark Ness because run out
of
fuel the hospital is the lifeline for
thousands of Palestinians seeking
medical attention and shter from the
Israeli
bombardment this black outbow is a
threat to the lives of many including
premature babies in
incubators and the medical staff is
doing all they can to save their
patients this situation is threatening
the lives of many newborn babies and
many patients we're trying to work with
what we have but we will have to stop
working completely because we don't have
any
electricity outside the streets of darl
Bella have turned into a
battlefield the sound of gun fires
marking another day of Relentless
bombardment Israeli military operations
have intensified across the Gaza Strip
with a recent barrage of air strikes
hitting a road linking between rafah and
kanun civilians who are in the crossfire
do not know where to go to find safety
tarazo Al jazer ra Southern
Gaza make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer